that time we get me back to another
episode of I teach I was 40 I dare you
boys this is a thi my Shawn Shawn still
sick I have a tip I have a tip let us
touch the lamp o
batteries it works funny
your name your let's try this right now
it's not a very level table right okay
there are you are you wearing a princess
crown hey guys how about me I'm wearing
a tiara
sick dude I do it all right hey cool
that's my friend hey how's it going home
it's cool and there's so much have a
soreness run and head of skin surround
Helen head up
ello head up hello ha ha ha
your lady what I got there
Oh tell us nice my with it - Yaya nice
cold fish shows from a Shan Kate sighs
would you shush on thank shame joke what
is that nice and 20 bucks is Starbucks
hey turns out this is the well this
is a real game thanks - yeah - thank you
so much Cara thank you so much Carol
thanks Carol honey this they made us
with thoughts whoa it's like what when a
sketch artist has to draw like a
murderer that's on the run you seen this
guy because this is mean out of all dots
thanks Trey damn the inch overhead
cookies what no I'll make these eleven
for 16 ninjas hey you seen this before
Florida Florida electors from cold
that's his name don't wear it out what
is it Oh what the hell how did you do
look it does it look at me chickens boss
the catch
you know who this is from who yes
b-boy we get a handle give us a hand
give us a hit Japan don't man youtubers
who know that many Orson Orson was a guy
who played Sasuke in the nerve of videos
oh dude this is him This Is It this is
it
dear Ryan Shawn Greg will because Derek
wasn't there on our are you guys I hope
you're all doing fantastic I know that
many of your own gardeners are probably
remind you that Naruto mended
one more clicker giant Pocky to spank
you horses we miss you man come visit us
on also followed rossabi it does it was
sabe she's not a toy eat wasabi do we
got fresh cut chicken skin how do I know
chocolate curse go dude it smells kind
of good
well it does not a little spicy wasabi
kick ass oh-ho-ho J I'm watching Derek
for what don't you okay
don't you using wasabi yeah
I mean I get babies I got into Oh what
the heck this does not fit all of these
like chocolate and then look oh oh oh I
want to read that you'll see down yet
make 700 some awesome oh this one 700 oh
it's color
oh no way where's this yeah paintball
tickets Oh
yeah hang on so much le guys Oh got a
brand new car
oh hey that's Kayla and Megan hey let's
test their numbers just go home let us
say to call it holiday della
congratulate congratulations Haley
voicemail
they don't forget hello can I speak to
Kayla Kayla's not here right now
is there another person around named
hold on for one moment is there a Megan
they're fine yeah that's really wrong
Wow Wow
Kayla or make it all supposed to
announce that you have 100
uh let's give some awards oh yeah the
coolest neck twisting newly forming go
along with art and awesome mini pool
table award goes to Ella and Hedda the
cool care creative Japanese goodies of
giant Pocky wasabi Kit Kats in the last
Naruto volume 700 award goes to Orson
the totally sweet gift of six tubular
tickets to go play the awesome sport of
paintball award goes to Allie
congratulations this week's winners yes
Rock gratulations again to all of our
winners everybody will send us stuff
thank you guys so much from the letters
the packages we really appreciate
everything within you said once again
thank you guys for joining to eat I will
talk to you next time that's a lot of
alliteration time look at the he go
hey guys me will hope you guys enjoyed
that episode of Tiki time and I hope you
guys got everything you wanted for
Christmas like pet rock or a plant or a
bag of jellybeans you know the usual